Hey, good morning family!
How are y'all doing today?
I thought I would just make you a quick little video here.
There's so much going on right now in the news—I mean, so much.
If anybody saw Trump's social media post about what he said about making Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, Cardano, and XRP part of the United States Reserve—that's the way I took it—wow.
I told you all they were.
As we spoke, I made the video at Cape Canaveral there in Cocoa Beach, and the Lord spoke to me as I was praying around Florida.
He told me, 'I want you to start getting bigger inside of you concerning the wealth transfer.
Start believing Me for bigger, for what I'm about to do.
' I told everybody about the line that I saw in the spirit and how they were building on this digital platform for the end times.
Trump had not even begun to release his plan for bringing America out of the deficit all the way.
We've heard bits and pieces of things that I believe the Lord is instructing him to do to make America great again.
Here this morning, he releases this post talking about XRP.
It's only been a week since the Lord told us about what I saw: $10, I saw people becoming decamillionaires, $25, $50, $150.
I saw strategic price ranges of what they were talking about—the Lord showed me that they're planning, trying to increase Bitcoin and all these other cryptocurrencies.
I just think it's amazing.
Whenever you hear something in 2018 and the Lord starts talking to you and telling you, 'Brandon, it's coming.
You need to get your boat into motion.
You need to put your faith out there.
Believe in Me for big.
You need to believe Me for big, Brandon.
' Diana is behind the camera today—say hi, babe!
(Hi!
) She's holding the camera today; Bradden's in the back getting ready to edit this video.
Then we have Zelenskyy come to the White House and they have their little spat—all that's going on.
I told you all to watch Zelenskyy.
I said, 'This man's a bad man.
' He's trying to hide the embezzlement of the money that we loaned Ukraine, and the Lord showed me $24 billion was misallocated out of $300-something billion that we sent to them to help out with the war.
There's money there, and I saw corrupt politicians taking and funneling that money.
Those are just the things the Lord shows me when I pray.
He told me that he did not want a ceasefire, that he did not want to stop the bloodshed; the war machine was to create more, hoping to suck off of American people, bringing it in, doing their agenda with the money, doing corrupt things with it, trying to bring forth their agenda to bring forth World War III.
Then I thought it was interesting because the Lord showed me, if you remember, He showed me Emmanuel Macron trying to be an Ishmael to the Isaac of the Antichrist, and that he would rise up like a Hitler.
The way he talked to Trump in the Oval Office a week or two ago and then Zelenskyy came—I'm telling you all, I saw darkness on Emmanuel Macron like I've never seen before.
Then I thought it was interesting also when Zelenskyy said that we would experience it here in America: 'You're going to feel it too.
' He was already warning about something that he believes you are going to feel this too—the war.
Then Trump, awesome as a leader, as a covering over America as the president, he spoke to the word curse.
He did not allow the word curse to remain and bear fruit, saying, 'You're going to feel it.
' He said, 'No, we're not going to feel it.
' He immediately addressed the word curse.
That's what you said: 'Every tongue that rises against you, you will condemn it.
' And that's what he was doing.
He spoke to the word curse that immediately Zelenskyy spoke out of his mouth, saying, 'You're going to feel it too.
' He spoke to the word curse, saying, 'We're not going to feel it.
That will not bear fruit over the United States.
You don't know what we're going to feel.
We're going to have peace, we're going to have joy.
' If you go back to what Kim Clement gave, the word is saying, 'No more war,' and that Trump would say, 'No more war.
' I was praying over that, and the Lord said, 'Just because Trump says that, that's what he's declaring for America.
' There will be no more war.
It doesn't mean, Brandon, that there won't be wars; he's declaring that for America, that we won't be involved.
We're calling for peace.
So here we see Hezbollah and all these things happening with Israel, and I believe the David and Jonathan relationship is springing forth as we talk.
It's happening, and I saw the blessing as we bless the land of Israel.
There was a blessing that came on us.
You see what's going on with Europe.
You see that Zelenskyy left from here and went right over to England and was whining about how he was treated here, but you could see a dirtiness on him.
You could see what the Lord is showing me about Zelenskyy—that the man is not a good man.
The media gets on their soapbox: 'Oh, Trump treated him bad.
' I'm going, the guy is bad.
He's not a good person.
But it's interesting because whenever the Lord showed me about Red Dawn, I saw rats within, strategically placed in our military and our infrastructure.
Over the last four years, evil people were planted in our military and our intelligence.
I saw a Red Dawn type of experience trying to come forth in these areas with these evil people in our government.
So here we see strategically things being released about XRP again.
Then I hear about Economic Ninja had a video about the dinar going digital.
I don't remember the Prime Minister's name over there, but he announced that they were going to take the Iraqi dinar and make it a digital platform, taking all the paper money out and making it into basically what I'm seeing eventually the United States will do.
It's amazing how the end times are rolling out right in front of our face.
I told everybody about holding onto the dinar.
If you didn't watch that video, go watch the dinar video down below.
But the Lord is bringing forth the end-time wealth transfer for the end-time harvest, and we're seeing that happen right now.
I believe we're going to see the wealth transfer before we see the end-time harvest.
I'm just amazed at what God is doing.
We're almost through the first quarter and we'll be going into the second quarter pretty soon.
It's just amazing to watch God's hand already moving, and Trump's not even been president for 40 days.
Wow, what a time we're living in.
I'm just excited because I just saw part of those cryptos that he called out were part of the Five Pillars.
The ones that stemmed off of them—it wasn't every single one, but even Solana—I just thought it was very interesting what he said in his little Truth Social post.
The foundation's being laid; the new digital era is about to be birthed.
The new digital world platform is being released.
Wow, look, it's all being talked about behind closed doors.
Soon they'll use your cell phone, soon this stuff will be birthed, and what the devil means to use for bad in the future, God's going to turn around for good for you to use now.
Coming era of time, the acceleration of finances, this will be a time.
And the Lord said, "I'm giving you a four-year window, a four-year window of opportunity for a harvest, for a supernatural harvest, a time of acceleration.
" And they will try to bring a plague out.
They'll try to do the plague; you can see it on the news all about this thing with the chickens and saying it's spreading to the cows and all this other stuff they're trying to do.
But what will the body of Christ do to intercede and stand in the gap to say, "We will have our time for a harvest of souls like we've never seen before.
We'll have our time for a great, mighty move of an outpouring like we've never seen before"?
I believe we are about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen, and it will be something to behold.
As we traveled and went to Florida, I can see now why the Lord told me about I-35.
He told me about what's going to happen with the great revival that will happen clear down to Dallas-Fort Worth and up to Wichita, Kansas, that there will be a major move of the Spirit of God and it will be like a Holy Ghost Woodstock.
But we needed to believe bigger and believe Him for overflow, because it's going to take that to get the gospel preached.
It doesn't come free.
The gospel is free to those that hear, but it costs money to get it out.
If you're down and downcast—we come across people all the time that are at the end of their rope.
I talked to a man earlier, he said, "I feel so down.
I feel like my head is underneath the water.
" I watch your videos on YouTube, Brandon, and you inspire me and encourage me to keep going.
I talk to the people that are in the wilderness right now: God has a plan for your life.
It's not time to be downcast and sad, but it's time to lift your head up because our redemption is drawing nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming, and He's coming back for a glorious church.
He's coming back for a church that's not running in retreat, because He didn't design the armor for a retreat.
He designed the armor for pressing and taking the land.
There's no armor for your backside; there's only armor to take the land.
I believe that this is the time like never before for the church to rise up with the sword of the Spirit, the helmet of salvation, the breastplate of righteousness, the girdle of truth, the shield of faith, and take the land.
Put the gospel shoes on and say, "We're taking the land for Jesus.
" Will you help us take the land?
That's what He says.
Who's going to help me bring in the harvest?
Will you help me bring in the harvest?
I believe we're called for such a time as this, folks, to bring in the harvest.
Let me pray with you today.
Diana and I are going to pray with you.
She's going to say a prayer; I'll turn the camera and she's going to pray for you, and I'll hold it for her while I'm driving.
She can pray, and I'm going to pray, and we're going to intercede on behalf of whatever you're believing for.
Let's believe God for big.
Let's believe Him that this is the time like never before that we'll see that outpouring.
Do you believe that, baby?
Yes, I believe it.
Braden believes it, we all believe it.
We saw it and we're expecting.
Expectation brings the manifestation of what we're believing for today.
So Father, right now in the name of Jesus, I stand with them for whatever they're believing for, that this would be the time of great acceleration.
Father, the things that you've showed us as watchmen on the wall—watchmen and watch-women—you spoke to us about XRP, you spoke to us about Solana, you spoke to us about Cardano.
You said these things would be part of the world reserve, the technology behind it.
Now Father, I thank you that those words that you spoke will come to pass.
Father, this is a time like we've never seen before, that XRP would go well over $10, XRP would go well over $150.
This would be a time that we say, "No more shrinking back," but we're taking the land for Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've anointed us for such a time as this to lay hands on the sick and see them recover, to cast out devils, to raise the dead, because freely we've been given and freely we give it out.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that healing flows through this camera right now.
From the top of their heads to the soles of their feet, they are delivered from sickness, they are delivered from disease.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them is going to prosper, that everything they put their hands to will prosper.
Father, let this be a time like never before of great acceleration.
When we go into the rest of 2025, Father, it will be a time that we thrive.
There will be a time of great promotion in our jobs, Father, where we're not barely getting by, we're not busted and disgusted, but Father, we're exceedingly, abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
I thank you, Father, for the five pillars of crypto.
I thank you, Father, for the blessings and increase and multiplication and favor on my wife and my children and my household.
I thank you, Lord, that you're no respecter of persons, and what you'll do for us, you'll do for them: spiritually, physically, mentally, emotionally, financially.
All that they need or dare ask or think, Father, they'll accelerate in Jesus' name.
We believe that, Father, this is a time to accelerate for healing and wholeness and wellness over their marriages.
Their marriages are blessed, their marriages are whole, their marriages are prosperous.
The time of bickering and fighting is over, but Father, it's a time of great peace in their homes.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for peace.
We thank you, Lord, for the Holy Spirit.
You said you'd speak to us and we would hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We pray over President Trump.
We pray over him and over his marriage.
We bless his marriage, we bless his children.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the angels are protecting him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they bear him up in their hands lest he dash his foot against a stone.
We believe that there's supernatural protection over him, that no assassination plots or attempts on his life...
Father, we take authority over any attempts.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that he has supernatural wisdom to lead this land to stand up for what's right.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over him, over his health.
No sickness, no disease comes nigh him.
Thank you, Lord, that Melania is blessed; she's healed and whole and well.
His children, Father, I thank you Lord, we bless our leadership, we bless our Senate, we bless our Congress.
Thank you, Lord, that there'll be great revival in our Congress and our House and around the world.
Father, there'll be a great move of God all throughout Europe, Asia, Africa, South Korea, North Korea—all of it.
Father, that we will have a mighty move of God upon this land, that the world would see the greatest harvest of souls.
It's not just about America, but it's about the world.
Father, I thank you for godly leadership.
I thank you, Lord, that they would release the hostages being held by Hezbollah.
They would release them now in Jesus' name, that the holy fear of God would be on them and that they would say, "We've got to release them now," for they are scared for their lives.
Father, I thank you for our nation.
I thank you, Lord, for those trucks; Father, you keep bringing those trucks back up to me, the vans full of fertilizer and the trucks.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're plotting and planning for Red Dawn experiences.
Father, you will expose those terrorists.
Lord, they may be lying low right now trying to devise a plan—I feel it inside—but Lord, I know that every plan, every plot, every scheme of the wicked will be brought to naught in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing those trucks, you're exposing those vans.
I know they're still there, I know they still exist, and you will bring it to pass and expose the wicked through the FBI and Homeland Security.
Father, we have a godly woman leading Homeland Security now.
I believe, Father, that they'll hear your voice and know exactly where evil people and evil plots or schemes are coming, and they'll say, "No, we're not going to have it," and they will bring it to justice.
They'll bring it to light in the name of Jesus.
Father, we send our angels out right now in the name of Jesus from the north, south, east, and west, causing the things to come forth that need to come forth: the blessing of the Lord, the anointing of the Holy Spirit in a way that we're not familiar with, all for the glory of God—a supernatural move, a supernatural push, a supernatural touch of the fire of the Holy Ghost.
We believe it, Father.
This is a time like never before.
So Diana's going to pray for your babies right now, and if you aren't able to have a baby today, you're going to conceive a baby with your husband.
Of course, not with your boyfriend—you need to get married, so I've got to make that clear.
Father, right now we come before you and I'm believing with these mamas and these parents that are believing God for their babies.
Father, we speak over their bodies right now: they will conceive.
Reproductive systems function as they're supposed to right now in the name of Jesus.
I thank you that your healing power touch goes over their bodies and fixes everything that's broken.
Father, that they will be like the Hannahs, that they will take their babies and dedicate them to you, Lord.
Father, they will raise them up in godly homes; these parents will raise them up in godly ways so when they grow old they will not depart from it.
Father, I thank you right now that their wombs are able to conceive and that their reproductive systems are healed.
We speak to that.
We speak to their fallopian tubes, that they function as they should, to the womb that it accepts the baby and is able to carry it full term in Jesus' name, that their vine will not cast fruit before its time.
In Jesus' name, no miscarriages.
That their hormones, even after they have the baby, are level, that they don't have any postpartum syndrome, that they don't get postpartum depression in Jesus' name.
Father, we speak to these babies that they are able to thrive after birth, that they are able to breastfeed or nurse like they should, or if they decide to do the bottle, Father, that those babies will use the bottle as they should in Jesus' name.
Father, we speak over their bodies, over their milk ducts.
Yeah, tell them about that one.
That was cool when we were at Billy Burke.
There was a lady that we prayed for that always would email or comment asking for us to pray for her milk to come in.
She came to the Billy Burke and I said, "The Lord said you'll be like a Jersey cow.
" I hope that wasn't offensive to her, but she produced milk like a Jersey cow.
The man said, "I'm the one you all prayed for, my wife's milk came in," and she was able to produce so much milk, overflow for the baby.
So Diana prayed for the mama's milk to come in, and the mama's milk came in.
So I said, "Oh, the Jersey cow, I remember you.
" I thought that might be kind of rude because I wasn't calling her a Jersey cow, but you know what I was saying.
Well, back to Diana.
Go ahead and pray.
Sorry.
Okay, so Father, we come before you and we thank you for these babies that these parents are believing God for.
I thank you, Father, that your healing touch, your mighty, powerful, miraculous touch goes through their bodies right now, God, and that they are able to conceive in Jesus' name.
Father, we consider it done.
We speak to you again: whenever the enemy comes in, you raise a standard against him.
If he tries to whisper in your ear, you say, "No, my body functions as it's supposed to.
No, my vine will not cast fruit before its time.
No, my fallopian tubes are normal.
No, I have both ovaries, both ovaries function good.
No cysts, none of that.
" No, my baby latches on as it should.
My baby does not have colic.
My baby is a calm baby.
My baby is a happy baby.
And we speak life over your womb.
We speak life over your body.
We speak life into these babies and their brains.
As you—I used to have an app that would tell what was happening day by day, week by week—pray over that.
I speak to this brain that's developing this week, that it functions as it should.
Today the fingers are forming; you say, "I speak to that.
They will have healthy hair.
They will not have any issues as they grow older, that their health will blossom and grow and that they will be nourished, and my body will provide the nourishment that this baby needs.
" Yep, I agree with you in Jesus' name.
So we speak to that and I consider it done in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for it.
We praise you, we glorify you.
All the glory to you for these children that are coming.
Yes, it's an exciting time.
2025, you'll have a baby.
Yes, you could still have the baby before Christmas.
Glory to God, it's awesome.
Wouldn't that be a really cool end-of-the-year present?
A baby is a miracle and a blessing, an inheritance of the Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the children that you have for us.
Father, now we rejoice and we receive by faith everything that you said you'd do for us.
Lord, we rejoice in it.
I connect my faith with Diana and with you all that it is done.
This is a time of great harvest time, folks.
It's time for us to be the salt, it's time for us to be the light.
Not, "Woe is me, I'm tired," doing church normal.
I want overflow.
I want exceedingly, abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
I'm thankful for our pastors, Chip and Candace Brim; they're amazing.
We're excited to be where we are and we celebrate where God has put us.
We're celebrating when we see what God is doing in these last days.
Get around people where iron sharpens iron—get around people that will sharpen you.
Get around people where you say, "Well, I don't know how to do that.
" Look in your area, pray about where you're at, and ask God, say, "God, show me the places of Goshen.
Show me the places that will feed me spiritually, like this channel.
" We pray we're a blessing to you all.
We never want to bring you down; we always want to lift you up and put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
It's time to be busy about doing the Father's business and being happy, not being sad all the time.
I see a lot of sad people.
You go through places and you go, "Man, there's no hope.
" But there is a hope with Jesus.
God has a hope for you and there's a blessing for you, and there is a plan for your life to do something great for Him.
You may be a grocery checker; while you're in there scanning those groceries, be the best grocery checker there is.
You may be a clerk at the gas station—be the best gas clerk there is.
Whatever you do in word and in deed, do all for the glory of God.
I was a janitor for 14 years and I said, "I'm the best janitor there ever was.
I'm going to mop these floors and do the best job.
" When people walk in on my floors, they're going to see their reflection.
I'm going to wax these floors and polish these floors, and when I get done, everybody's going to know that I did it all for the glory of God.
I'm going to clean this toilet so much so that they'll be able to eat off of it—it's pretty gross, but they're going to be able to eat off this if they wanted to because it's that clean.
I'm going to do it all for the glory of God because I believe that Jesus Himself dwells on the inside of His children.
It's all an attitude; it's a choice.
Either you want to believe it or you don't.
Either you want to believe that you're going to come out of your circumstances or you don't.
When Billy Burke talked about putting a demand on what you're believing for...
Father, I put a demand on this in the spirit realm today.
Father, I thank you Lord that it will come to pass in the name of Jesus.
Father, we believe we receive it.
I'm not believing for tomorrow, I'm believing for now.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Right, Diana?
Yes, that's what we believe.
I'm tired of believing for the "sweet by and by.
" No, I believe it's going to come to pass now in Jesus' name.
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
Now, as faith is now.
All these trees, so much wilderness and undeveloped land...
I believe it's time for us to take the land for Jesus in your city, in your area where you live, with your head held high knowing that you're a King's kid.
I see all this darkness, but I believe there's light, and it's time we focus on the light.
We live in the end times, it's happening, but there's glory days coming too.
I'm believing for glory days.
Glory to God!
Well, we pray this video blessed you today.
We pray we encourage you.
We're excited about what President Trump said today.
We see what's happening with Zelensky.
I believe he will be exposed and that DOGE will audit the money and where it went that we gave them, and they're going to find this 24 billion and they're going to go, "Seriously?
" I'm believing things will be exposed and the rats within will be exposed—the rats in the military, the rats in the Homeland Security, the rats in these departments.
They will be exposed in the name of Jesus and brought to justice.
The people that are evil, the terrorists in these hidden cells, these 10 cities—they will be brought to justice in the name of Jesus and they'll be exposed.
ICE will be taking them out of here and putting them in Guantanamo Bay or whatever; they need to be brought to justice.
Well, thank you for watching this video.
I know it's kind of different.
I'm just driving out and I told Diana I feel inside to make the video.
Braden can upload it with the Starlink stuff and cool technology, and we'll go on from there.
Until next time, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and thank you for watching today.
Bye-bye.